app/{vminsert,vmagent}: added flags for periodical relabel and stream aggregation configs check (#9598)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/vmagent.md

* Sending HTTP request to `http://vmagent:8429/-/reload` endpoint. This endpoint can be protected with `-reloadAuthKey` command-line flag.

There is also:

> * `-promscrape.configCheckInterval` command-line flag, which can be used for automatic reloading configs from updated `-promscrape.config` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `-promscrape.configCheckInterval`  command-line flag controls how often VictoriaMetrics checks the `-promscrape.config` file for changes and reloads it automatically.
```

> * `-remoteWrite.configCheckInterval` {{% available_from "#" %}} command-line flag controls how often VictoriaMetrics checks and automatically reloads configs specified via `-remoteWrite.streamAggr.config`, `-streamAggr.config`, `-remoteWrite.relabelConfig` and `remoteWrite.urlRelabelConfig` flags.

Reviewer 2: what about `-relabel.configCheckInterval` and `-streamAggr.configCheckInterval` here and in flags description below and in cluster readme?
